okay yeah little these guys are you have
a new painted Rico and suave so I just
want to make a little quick video to
kind of show how they look when they're
set up properly the two lights one of
them is for heat and ones for the UVB
which they need for their bones in their
shell especially when they're little
like this they need it and I have the
white thing is a cuttlebone I get it in
a bird section of the pet store and it's
for calcium it kind of just like
dissolves in their water heating really
good curious in the oats sister but
that's the Basking rock that I had I
guess that stinks potlucks don't really
bass that much but you do have to try to
give them the area to get out of the
water but they you probably might not
see it even get out of the water at all
I just have this fir filter for the
little guys but if you do end up keeping
them a good a good rule of thumb with
turtles is that you want triple the
filtration so if it said that it was
good for like 90 gallons of water then
you could have like a 30 gallon tank for
them although I guess them up um musk
ones since they like shallow water then
I don't know I'm really now you'd have
to kind of measure out if I have the
little guy I probably want the water
level to be like up to here and this is
a 10 gallon tank so it's really small
but again they keep getting close to
make area and my water heater you can
see is
that's kind of what the water heater
looks like that I have this one glass I
don't know what the difference is I
don't really know but like for these
guys this is a 30-gallon tank and
because this is 30 gallon I have this
fluval it's like triple I think it says
like it's 400 or I remember how many
gallons 100 gallons i think it filters
so then that's a good triple and that's
why it's staying so clear and since most
turtles don't bass that much they
probably need super clean water i'm
guessing but yeah i read for what they
eat they like blood worms one thing that
i read that i like to eat but i have
these copies i know that um goldfish are
very fatty and bad for turtles so i
wouldn't ever get a goldfish for these
guys I don't know if you have any
questions I had them for a while so I
kind of get the hang of it these guys
have been doing while I was worried
because they're probably a day or two
old when I first got them and I was work
as they're so small but they're doing
good you've grown a little bit so all
right well probably all i can think of
to tell you right now